Setup of anova docs (#25851)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/anova_sous_vide.markdown

---
title: Anova Sous Vide
description: Instructions on how to integrate Anova Wifi Sous Vide into home assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_release: 2023.2
ha_codeowners:
  - '@conway220'
ha_domain: anova_sous_vide
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The Anova Sous Vide sensor platform allows you to control [Anova](https://anovaculinary.com/pages/find-your-anova-precision-cooker) sous vides with wifi capability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Anova Sous Vide sensor platform allows you to control [Anova](https://anovaculinary.com/pages/find-your-anova-precision-cooker) sous vides with Wi-Fi capability.
```

Supported devices (tested):

- [Anova Precision Cooker](https://anovaculinary.com/products/anova-precision-cooker)

Supported devices (untested):

- [Anova Precision Cooker Pro](https://anovaculinary.com/products/anova-precision-cooker-pro)
- [(Anova)RED Precision Cooker](https://anovaculinary.com/products/anova-red-precision-cooker)
- [(Anova)RED Precision Cooker Pro](https://anovaculinary.com/products/anova-red-precision-cooker)

The 'nano' versions of the sous vide are not supported, but as long as your app is connected to the sous vide, the data should update. They would be better served using BLE instead of API calls.

To add this platform to your installation, You will need your device id.

> You can find the Device id by connecting your sous vide to the app, Then going Profile -> Settings(Gear Icon) -> Connection -> Cooker Details.

Reviewer: Cool, so how to add it to Home Assistant? That part is missing.

Be sure to include the config flow include :)

Author: I added the config flow include. Is it more like how it should be now? It can only be added with the userflow.

## Sensor

- Cook Time - How long the sous vide has been cooking in seconds
- Mode - The current mode of the sous vide ("IDLE", "COOK").

> - State - The current state of the sous vide ("PREHEATING", "COOKING", "MAINTAINING").

Reviewer: Capital letters?
Not sure what those are, if those are states, that won't work with translations.

Author: They come directly from the device - should I create some kind of mapping in the api package instead? i.e. when it gets "PREHEATING" it will return "Preheating" to HA instead?

EDIT: If that is a valid solution, I have made that change.

---
title: Anova Sous Vide
description: Instructions on how to integrate Anova Wifi Sous Vide into home assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_release: 2023.2
ha_codeowners:
  - '@conway220'
ha_domain: anova_sous_vide
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The `anova_sous_vide` sensor platform allows you to control [Anova](https://anovaculinary.com/pages/find-your-anova-precision-cooker) sous vides with wifi capability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Anova Sous Vide sensor platform allows you to control [Anova](https://anovaculinary.com/pages/find-your-anova-precision-cooker) sous vides with wifi capability.
```

Author: Fixed, thank you!

Supported devices (tested):

- [Anova Precision Cooker](https://anovaculinary.com/products/anova-precision-cooker)

Supported devices (untested):

- [Anova Precision Cooker Pro](https://anovaculinary.com/products/anova-precision-cooker-pro)
- [(Anova)RED Precision Cooker](https://anovaculinary.com/products/anova-red-precision-cooker)
- [(Anova)RED Precision Cooker Pro](https://anovaculinary.com/products/anova-red-precision-cooker)

The 'nano' versions of the sous vide are not supported, but as long as your app is connected to the sous vide, the data should update. They would be better served using BLE instead of API calls.

To add this platform to your installation, add the following to your `configuration.yaml` file:

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
sensor:
  platform: anova_sous_vide
  device_id: DEVICE_ID

> ```

Reviewer: This does not match the parent PR?

The parent PR seems not to be using YAML (which isn't allowed anyways).

Author: Removed and reworded, thanks!
